**HealthCare Application**

Parents need to do everything possible to make sure their children are healthy and protected from preventable diseases. Children should receive the vaccinations they need at the right age during scheduled or drop-in clinic visits. Outbreaks of preventable diseases occur when many parents decide not to vaccinate their children. If children are not vaccinated, they can spread disease to other children who are too young to be vaccinated or to people with weakened immune systems. Because of advances in medical science, child can be protected against more diseases than ever before. The disease prevention benefits of getting vaccines are much greater than the possible side effects for almost children. Functions. Child E-Vaccination system is an android application for tracking baby’s vaccination. This android application works by taking the information about the child like date of birth, gender, city. It sends the notifications to the users to remind their baby’s vaccination due at their fingertips. Reminder systems have been in use for several decades, except for the more sophisticated computerized phone reminder systems, and are not complex either to initiate or to operate. 

System also have the online calling and chat section where patient can directly have a chat with the doctor it would be helpful in emergency cases. System also shows the stastistics of the patient information based on how many patients are there in particular location and the doctor statistics based on patients count which shows how many patients does a doctor have. Chatbot it also provided which will be useful to answer the queries of the patients such as symptoms or precautions or information about any particular desease. 
 